---
layout: default-layout
title: JavaScript 3.x Release Notes  - Dynamsoft Label Recognizer
description: This is the Release Notes page for Dynamsoft Label Recognizer JavaScript 3.x SDK.
keywords:  label recognizer, release notes, javascript
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
noTitleIndex: true
breadcrumbText: v3.x Release Notes
---

# Release Notes - JavaScript 3.x

## 3.2.30 (05/15/2024)

### Highlights

- Added confusable character distinguishing: this feature enhances the library's ability to distinguish between common confusable character sets including {0, o, O}, {1, I, l}, and {5, s, S}, across popular fonts like Arial, Times New Roman, and Verdana, etc.
- Supported confusable character set customization: leveraging the new caching mechanism in the CaptureVisionRouter (CVR) module, the library now enables users to customize confusable character sets to meet the needs of specific scenarios.

### New

- Updated the template system
  - Added new [`LabelRecognizerTaskSettings`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}label-recognizer-task-settings/index.html) parameters.
    - Added [`ConfusableCharactersPath`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}label-recognizer-task-settings/confusable-characters-path.html) to define the path of the resource files that store the confusable characters' information.
    - Added [`ClusterSamplesCountThreshold`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}label-recognizer-task-settings/cluster-samples-count-threshold.html) to specify the lowest required sample count for clustering.
  - Added new [`TextLineSpecification`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}text-line-specification/index.html) parameters.
    - Added [`ConfusableCharactersCorrection`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}text-line-specification/confusable-characters-correction.html) to define which confusable characters you are going to distinguish. You can also specify the font type of the characters.
  - Added [`ExpectedGroupCount`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}text-line-specification/expected-groups-count.html) to define the count of `TextLineGroups` that might exist on the image.
  - Added `StringLengthRange` for [`TextDetectionMode`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}image-parameter/text-detection-mode.html).
  - Added `ReferenceTaskNameArray` under [`Location.ReferenceObjectFilter`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}target-roi-def/location.html#referenceobjectfilter) to filter the reference objects generated by the task name.
  - Added the support of the [`OutputTaskSetting`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}output-task-setting/index.html) definition. The following sub-parameters are available in `OutputTaskSetting` object:
    - `OutputCondition`
    - `TaskResultArray`
    - `TargetROIDefName`
    - `TaskSettingNameArray`
    - `BackwardReferenceOutput`
    - `ReferenceTaskNameArray`
    - `ReferenceResultTypeArray`
    - `Operator`
  - [`Offset`]({{ site.dcv_parameter_reference }}target-roi-def/location.html#offset) parameter is optimized.
    - Added `ReferenceObjectType` to specify whether the reference object is an atomic object or the whole image.
    - Added `ReferenceXAxis` & `ReferenceYAxis` to define the X & Y axis.
    - Modified `FirstPoint`, `SecondPoint`, `ThirdPoint` & `FourthPoint`. You can specify whether the X or Y coordinate of the point is measured by percentage.
    - Deprecated `ReferenceObjectSize` Type.
- Added the following new error codes
  - `EC_IMAGE_SIZE_NOT_MATCH`
  - `EC_IMAGE_PIXEL_FORMAT_NOT_MATCH`
  - `EC_SECTION_LEVEL_RESULT_IRREPLACEABLE`
  - `EC_AXIS_DEFINITION_INCORRECT`
  - `EC_TEXT_LINE_GROUP_LAYOUT_CONFLICT`
  - `EC_TEXT_LINE_GROUP_REGEX_CONFLICT`
- Added new APIs for users to obtain the cached character items and the character clusters:
  - A new interface [`BufferedCharacterItemSet`]({{ site.dlr_js_api }}interfaces/buffered-character-item-set.html) to represent a collection of buffered character items and cluster information.
  - A new interface [`BufferedCharacterItem`]({{ site.dlr_js_api }}interfaces/buffered-character-item.html) to represent a basic item of the buffered characters with its image and features information.
  - A new interface [`CharacterCluster`]({{ site.dlr_js_api }}interfaces/character-cluster.html) to represent a character cluster generated from the collected buffered character items.
  - Added a new class [`BufferedItemsManager`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/buffered-items-manager.html) to manage the buffered character items.
- Added a new property [`GetSpecificationName`]({{ site.dlr_js_api }}interfaces/text-line-result-item.html) to the `TextLineResultItem` interface to get the name of the `TextLineSpecification`object that generated this `TextLineResultItem`.
- Added a new property [`GetSpecificationName`]({{ site.dlr_js_api }}interfaces/recognized-text-line-element.html) to the `RecognizedTextLineElement` interface to get the name of the `TextLineSpecification`object that generated this `RecognizedTextLineElement`.
- Added [`ObservationParameters`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}core/intermediate-results/observation-parameters.html) interface for allowing the configuration of intermediate result observation.
- Added a new call back function [`onShortLinesUnitReceived`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/intermediate-result-receiver.html#onshortlinesunitreceived) to the `IntermediateResultReceiver` class.
- Added a new supported image pixel format, binary 8 inverted. The corresponding enumeration member is added to the [`EnumImagePixelFormat`]({{ site.enums }}core/image-pixel-format.html?lang=js).
- Update [`MultiFrameResultCrossFilter`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}utility/multi-frame-result-cross-filter.html) class to allow string type for resultItemType.
- Update [`TextZonesUnit`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}/core/intermediate-results/text-zones-unit.html) interface, now using [`TextZone`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}/core/basic-structures/text-zone.html) interface to record text zone data.

### Breaking Changes

- The interface [`CapturedResult`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/interfaces/captured-result.html) is migrated from `DynamsoftCore` module to `DynamsoftCaptureVisionRouter` module.
- Changed the logic of the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting of [`SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/interfaces/simplified-capture-vision-settings.html):
  - If the result item types don't match the specified template, the method [`updateSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#updatesettings) will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types do not match the task configurations in the template".
  - Based on the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting, the irrelevant tasks will be removed from the template.
  - The `capturedResultItemTypes` should include at least one of the `CRIT_BARCODE`, `CRIT_TEXT_LINE`, `CRIT_DETECTED_QUAD`, `CRIT_NORMALIZED_IMAGE`. Otherwise, the method [`updateSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#updatesettings) will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types should contain at least one task result type".
- Refactored the [`Contour`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}core/basic-structures/contour.html) interface.

### Improved

- Security update for DynamsoftLabelRecognizer library and other corresponding libraries.

### Fixed

- Fixed the issue of camera not opening in iOS 17.4.
- Fixed the issue where some intermediate results could not be retrieved correctly.

## 3.0.30 (02/02/2024)

### Changelog

In this version, the SDK has been refactored under the `DynamsoftCaptureVision` (DCV) architecture. To learn more about the architecture, please see [Architecture of Dynamsoft Capture Vision](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/){:target="_blank"}. The following highlights the major changes: 

* The class `LabelRecognizer` is removed and its functionalities are now incorporated into the newly added Class `CaptureVisionRouter`.

* License-related functions are handled by class [Dynamsoft.License.LicenseManager]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}license/license-manager.html#initLicense).

* Camera-related functions are handled by [DynamsoftCameraEnhancer(DCE)](https://www.dynamsoft.com/camera-enhancer/docs/web/programming/javascript/){:target="_blank"}. Please note that the following features are grouped together as enhanced features that require a license:
  * Enhanced-focus.
  * Auto-zoom.
  * Tap-to-focus.

* This version of `LabelRecognizer` only accepts `DynamsoftCameraEnhancer(DCE)` version 4.0.1 and above, which has been refactored to be compliant with the [ImageSourceAdapter (ISA) interface](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/input.html#image-source-adapter){:target="_blank"}, as a valid image source.

* Recognized text results are returned via the [CapturedResultReceiver (CRR) interface](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/output.html#captured-result-receiver){:target="_blank"}.